1- What is your favourite new javascript feature and why?
ANS- Promise.any() is a new javascript feature. Promise.any is almost opposite to Promise.all. Promise.all is executed when
all the promises that are mentioned while defining it are resolved whereas Promise.any is executed
if any of the promises that is mentioned is resolved.

2- Explain an interesting way in which you have used this javascript feature.
ANS- I had a scenario where there were differnt random tickers of crypto. So, I used Promise.any() to featch data for them with
minimum time.

3- Is there any difference between regular function syntax and the shorter arrow function syntax? (Write the answer in
your own words)
ANS- There is only syntax difference in regular and arrow functions else they work in same manners.

4- What is the difference between ‘myFunctionCall(++foo)’   and  ‘myFunctionCall(foo++)’
ANS- In myFunctionCall(++foo) foo will increase its value by 1 in memory and than it will brinted.
While in case of myFunctionCall(foo++) first foo value will be printed then it will be increased by 1 in memory.

5- In your own words, explain what a javascript ‘class’ is and how it differs from a function.
ANS- Classes are used for encapsulating logical functions and properties into one type and you can 'new' it up
using constructor syntax.
A function is a set of statements that performs a task or calculates a value. For a function it is necessary that
it takes an input and return a value.

6- In your own words, explain css specificity.
ANS- Specificity is the means by which browsers decide which CSS property values are the most relevant to an
element and, therefore, will be applied.

7- In your own words, explain, what is ‘!important’ in css.  Also how does it work?  Are there any special circumstances
 when using it, where it’s behaviour might not be what you expect?
ANS- !important forces the style property in css. It disables previous propert value and implements new one.
Yes there are circumstances when this important will not work like if we write it in the style file and write a inline
css on the element then the style sheet property will not will despite we have written !important with it.

8- What is your prefered layout system: inline-block, floating + clearing, flex, grid, other?  And why?
ANS- My preference will be flex because within shortend properties and classes we can get desired layout. For other layouts
we need more complex div structure as compare to flex.

9- Are negative margins legal and what do they do (margin: -20px)?
ANS- Negative margins are valid in css.
A margin-top of -8px means it will be 8px higher than if it had 0 margin.

10- If a <div/> has no margin or other styling and a <p/> tag inside of it has a margin top of some kind, the margin
from the <p/> tag will show up on the div instead (the margin will show above the div not inside of it),
why is this?  What are the different things that can be done to prevent it?
ANS- we should need to fix the div layout with css properties overflow:hidden or clear:both

11- What technologies do you use to unit test your react components?
